# bakery create matrix

# bakery create matrix

Renders templates for an image to a single subpath of the image directory using a version matrix.

``` bash
bakery create matrix [OPTIONS] IMAGE_NAME
```

This tool expects an image directory to use the following structure as generated by `bakery create image`:

    .
    └── image_path/
        └── template/
            ├── optional_subdirectories/
            │   └── *.jinja2
            ├── *.jinja2
            └── Containerfile*.jinja2

    Usage: bakery create matrix [OPTIONS] IMAGE_NAME

      Renders templates for an image to a single subpath of the image directory
      using a version matrix.

      This tool expects an image directory to use the following structure as
      generated by `bakery create image`:

. └── image_path/ └── template/ ├── optional_subdirectories/ │ └── *.jinja2 ├──* .jinja2 └── Containerfile\*.jinja2 \`\`\`

Arguments: IMAGE_NAME The image to which the matrix belongs. This must match an image name present in the bakery.yaml configuration. The image cannot have any existing versions or development versions defined. \[required\]

Options: –context DIRECTORY The root path to use. Defaults to the current working directory where invoked. \[default: (.)\] –name-pattern TEXT The naming pattern to use for the generated versions. If unspecified, defaults to combining each dependency and value into a hyphen-separated string. The rendered pattern is utilized in the image tag. –subpath TEXT The subdirectory to use for the version. Defaults to ‘matrix’. –dependency-constraint TEXT A JSON object string representing a dependency version constraint used to dynamically generate dependency versions. Accepts one constraint per dependency (R, Python, or Quarto). Example: ‘{“dependency”: “R”, “latest”: true, “count”: 3}’ –dependency TEXT A JSON object string representing one or more versions to use for a dependency in the matrix. Accepts one set of versions per dependency (R, Python, or Quarto). Ex: ‘{“dependency”: “R”, “versions”: \[“4.2.3”, “4.1.3”\]}’ –value TEXT A ‘key=value’ pair to pass to the templates. Accepts multiple pairs. –force Force overwrite of existing version directory. -v, –verbose Enable debug logging -q, –quiet Supress all output except errors –help Show this message and exit. \`\`\`

## Arguments

`IMAGE_NAME``:`` ``TEXT`  
Required.

## Options

`--context``:`` ``DIRECTORY`` ``=`` ``/home/runner/work/images-shared/images-shared/posit-bakery/great-docs`  
The root path to use. Defaults to the current working directory where invoked.

`--name-pattern``:`` ``TEXT`  
The naming pattern to use for the generated versions. If unspecified, defaults to combining each dependency and value into a hyphen-separated string. The rendered pattern is utilized in the image tag.

`--subpath``:`` ``TEXT`  
The subdirectory to use for the version. Defaults to `matrix`.

`--dependency-constraint``:`` ``TEXT`  
A JSON object string representing a dependency version constraint used to dynamically generate dependency versions. Accepts one constraint per dependency (R, Python, or Quarto). Example: `{"dependency": "R", "latest": true, "count": 3}`

`--dependency``:`` ``TEXT`  
A JSON object string representing one or more versions to use for a dependency in the matrix. Accepts one set of versions per dependency (R, Python, or Quarto). Ex: `{"dependency": "R", "versions": ["4.2.3", "4.1.3"]}`

`--value``:`` ``TEXT`  
A `key=value` pair to pass to the templates. Accepts multiple pairs.

`--force`  
Force overwrite of existing version directory.

`-v, --verbose`  
Enable debug logging

`-q, --quiet`  
Supress all output except errors

Back to top
