# bakery create version

# bakery create version

Renders templates for an image to a versioned subdirectory of the image directory.

``` bash
bakery create version [OPTIONS] IMAGE_NAME IMAGE_VERSION
```

This tool expects an image directory to use the following structure as generated by `bakery create image`:

    .
    └── image_path/
        └── template/
            ├── optional_subdirectories/
            │   └── *.jinja2
            ├── *.jinja2
            └── Containerfile*.jinja2

    Usage: bakery create version [OPTIONS] IMAGE_NAME IMAGE_VERSION

      Renders templates for an image to a versioned subdirectory of the image
      directory.

      This tool expects an image directory to use the following structure as
      generated by `bakery create image`:

. └── image_path/ └── template/ ├── optional_subdirectories/ │ └── *.jinja2 ├──* .jinja2 └── Containerfile\*.jinja2 \`\`\`

Arguments: IMAGE_NAME The image to which the version belongs. This must match an image name present in the bakery.yaml configuration. \[required\] IMAGE_VERSION The new version to render the templates to. \[required\]

Options: –context DIRECTORY The root path to use. Defaults to the current working directory where invoked. \[default: (.)\] –subpath TEXT The subdirectory to use for the version. Defaults to the image version. –value TEXT A ‘key=value’ pair to pass to the templates. Accepts multiple pairs. –mark-latest / –no-mark-latest Skip marking the latest version of the image. \[default: mark-latest\] –force Force overwrite of existing version directory. -v, –verbose Enable debug logging -q, –quiet Supress all output except errors –help Show this message and exit. \`\`\`

## Arguments

`IMAGE_NAME``:`` ``TEXT`  
Required.

`IMAGE_VERSION``:`` ``TEXT`  
Required.

## Options

`--context``:`` ``DIRECTORY`` ``=`` ``/home/runner/work/images-shared/images-shared/posit-bakery/great-docs`  
The root path to use. Defaults to the current working directory where invoked.

`--subpath``:`` ``TEXT`  
The subdirectory to use for the version. Defaults to the image version.

`--value``:`` ``TEXT`  
A `key=value` pair to pass to the templates. Accepts multiple pairs.

`--mark-latest, --no-mark-latest`  
Skip marking the latest version of the image.

`--force`  
Force overwrite of existing version directory.

`-v, --verbose`  
Enable debug logging

`-q, --quiet`  
Supress all output except errors

Back to top
